Amazing job, you made it through the entire course and that means you learned a lot about node and the many
ways you can use it to build exciting web applications or any kind of application that needs to execute
some code really.
I hope you enjoyed the course and the obvious question is how should you now continue?
Well in general, the most important thing I always recommend is that you keep on practicing,
build example projects,
clone popular apps, build your own simplified facebook clone,
strip out some features you don't want to focus on and instead build some parts of that application
you picked.
Build the messaging part, build the newsfeed part,
anything like that,
practicing is important and the most important thing there is that you will face issues.
You'll hit some problems,
there will be things what you want to build where you don't know how to continue or you don't know
how it works
and this is then the part where you need to dig in, where you need to research. Search on Stack Overflow, find
blog posts on Google that help you and dig through that problem on your own,
this will make you a better developer and it will help you learn how things work internally and how
you can approach certain problems and solve them,
this is the most important part really.
Now also dive into other concepts related to nodejs. Dive into APIs like rest API or graphql,
learn more about these technologies, build example projects there too, dive into serverless technologies
and to serverless services,
I got a course on that but you can also just google for nodejs serverless and you'll find some great
resource there because that is also a very promising interesting way of creating node applications as
you will learn,
you focus way more on your logic and way less on the overhead of spinning up a server and so on,.
so really interesting. And maybe also dive into frontend development, learn how to build a react app
like the one I gave you in this course from scratch, that could be a great next step too because it will
make you a full stack developer who can do both,
backend development and frontend development. And these are just some of the possibilities you have,
obviously as you practice you'll dive into more things that are interesting to you and to your exact
requirements and things that are interesting to you
and I'm confident that this course gave you pretty solid fundamentals that allow you to build up on
to dive way deeper.